No sleep, grades are struggling, flat broke, stressed to the max. Homesick, just done adulting. That's basically everything you feel after your first year of college

danney williams. 30, has been trying since at least 1999 to be acknowledged as the out-of-wedlock son of former president bill clinton and a black prostitute in little rock, arkansas. subscribe to our channel  follow my facebook:  follow me on instagram:  follow me on twitter:

hey, everyone!?  you know, a great number of black people support us saying that  #hillaryclintonlsnotmypresident! so this time we would like to make a  #flashmob against #hillaryclinton because she is the real enemy of black  community and our followers prove it showing their disgrace to her personality  and policy. that's why we ask you to do the same and send your photos to  us. why? because we want to live in a better future and hillary is not the  person who will help us in getting justice and peace by all means!  dear followers, if you agree, just don't be ignorant to your future in america,  join our flashmob and take a photo with #hillaryclintonforprison2016 or  #nohillary2016 and tag @blackmattersus!?  looking forward to your photos?? blackmattersus americancops

corgi you the real mvp

seriously guys, how many times black people going to be fooled into thinking that voting will make a true change in this country?

Our aim, to make Christianity real for Blacks!

The time has come to understand one simple thing: we the American muslims are as American Support Hillary. Save American Muslims!

 It's been only a month since Library of Islamic Knowledge at the center in Houston is open SAVE ISLAMIC KNOWLEDGE

Who else liked it just because the girl was fine as hell

The blue gang is free to do whatever they want.

What happened in Manchester is a tragedy beyond description that filled our hearts with inconsolable grief of pain and loss. It makes everything worse that the spirit of hatred is again aimed on all Muslims who in fact have nothing to do with disgusting radicals who organize such gruesome acts. The whole Muslim community condemns terror! Islam would remain the religion of peace no matter how hard those terrorists try to promote the opposite image! These people hurt Islam and the best way we can protect it is the art of compassion and love towards all people suffering at the hands of radicals! Pray for the victims, stay strong and heal this world!
i
You think cause I'm a dog I don't know about the secret menu

Are you tired of liberal propaganda and biased media sources? Hit like and  take your red pill!

A shocking video was shared on social media Tuesday showing two police officers being attacked. Two unidentified men were seen beating up the two officers for seemingly no reason. The incident occurred Monday afternoon in Northeast Philadelphia after two school police officers were called to break up a fight outside of a local pizza shop. As we can see police couldn't stop the fight. Now we see what kind of police do we have. Those cops are slow weak doughnuts, who can do literally nothing without using their guns. Cops can blame themselves when shit like this happens. They live by their own laws, they can break your arms and legs, torture you with chemical and electrical ways, rape or even kill you "doing their job." All those things and more are well within departmental policy. So I'd rather give a fight for my rights than ignore the fact our country becoming a Nazi States of America. Look around, the only other thing that will happen is that people will whine about it, but will ultimately do nothing to actively stop this behavior, and this is why cops are so violent now. If we want to stop it, we should fight as our ancestors did it for centuries. Take out a few dozen cops and the rest will change. Amen.

Think about this for a second. My house is on fire with my entire family inside. I make it out and scream for help. My neighbor grabs the water hose and sprays his house which isn't on fire. Then tells me all houses matter.
